Yes Hi I recently bought a lens
It may be best to buy a new one in terms of quality and trust, but I personally
True from that cheap than there is no resistance until there even used article
As I said this lens buy directly below now in the purpose
The muscle is the middle
I chose the method, so if you don't do the opening video Ueno, it's fine there
Roughly as the coin does not do that we will see many
This time because I used already of the lens
I would like to introduce you to try using it
Lens bought this time is here 50mm f 1.4 ex dg hsm of sigma
The model is now Sigma has three lines of model and other qualities
There is an art line that sticks to the surface
It is a 50mm f 1.4 lens with a period of one piece before the art line.
As it is in this product name, hsm ultrasonic motor is built-in and it is quiet and fast
I am saying
It is said that such a single focus lens mountain is a problem with a bright lens well
Do you think that it is the peripheral dimmer that the four corners become dark ?
It's probably a bit at a store, including the point of resolution
Please see here because there is a member
Please, the other party is from now
I little I would like to see the photos in this lens
It is lightroom to use
Here are some photos taken on 50mm f 1.4
Open from here f 1.4
Here to say all the time to Fu say 1.8 f 22
The maximum aperture of the lens It is f 16 is not a little juicing until f 22 16
Until then, this is a photo I took of a liberal teen with open eyes
Pinto is anabuki construction it is written me here this Anabuki I of this
Focus here
It together this is coming firm best because I combined in each 0 displayed in Live View
In
Fingering planning
All this is a photo of f 1.8 with a slight reduction
If you look at it like this , I think you do not understand the difference so much
Well Well after all the focus in the doorway, but it's coming
Well I say anglyma high fever and it is still so much even if I come around
Now f 1.8 in that but it is not know f because vividly name of
Ny
f 2.8 w f 4
I squeeze this far Spring spring 9
What a pranky feeling I'm doing here but I'm also here
It is different whether it is transmitted by animation that being crispy is different
I'm also doing
From Ako
This is f
4 f 4 about squeeze spring at all
You're wrong!
I
Well here is the center of focus, but although this is also in focus, this tile
This is good I wonder if say Nazememe
And Paki' a little feeling that you are doing mode
I wonder if say the circle is also remodeling Yappa I think you understand clearly
Life of a cat is this life and turns f 4 well
No, let's go and let's go f
6.3
f 8
Of Iso work by changing only this same set edge
I'm taking it at +0.3
I'm shooting with jpeg but the brightness of this child is
What I ask them to that there is no there is little this time Well and has changed the brightness of the photo
It's totally different
So far
Hey When you come
At s
Ten
Hey, if me poised and 1111
Fog here
Well that's the one to say which one you like
In the person of a problem to use the ne what it'm a matter of preference of the people
I don't say it at all, but I think if I understand that it's different up to here
This is 13 if this is Fuchu
f 13
1416 When this is the most focused
f 16
Good brightness is different, isn't it?
Well I want to say Well
It is such a feeling It is such a feeling
Attached to the thing called next peripheral health in the Yes
I think that I would like to see for a moment This lens is a lens for full size, so it is full
Since the lens Tteyuu Na whether or not there some it is a holiday that or peripheral eaves immersed in size
If this is attached to aps c
Well a little squeeze it but is this release without most small elder sister so much row Aichi
F 1
Hatch ef 8 also come here to Spring Fee
Ny
Days 2.8 f 4
Already
If you don't care about it, why do n't you choose it ?
If there is the following
I think but
It is-
Well, a little bit about the sense of resolution and the light reduction around Emma when having it with that it is such a feeling
I tried to talk
There is still a lot of things I want to convey with this lens
After all the resolution of when the subject is in focus that if in Hano bright f 1 point 4
I already have something wonderful
Well what I want to talk about is the next video again
Well next time I think that I have various symptoms
First of all, I say I bought a lens for this time
Oh dear
It was a little introduction
Only one at the end
mens
Salt vinegar for full size
PENTAX
2 of the vortex
Size of the sun
Size compatible
It is M's
Full size
I can see you